= Restbox

== Install

To install as a Rails plugin, run this command.

  script/plugin install http://github.com/richardiux/restbox.git

=== Prerequisites
  JQuery 1.3.2

== Setup

in your layout after including jQuery:

  <%= javascript_include_tag 'restbox' %>
  <%= stylesheet_link_tag 'restbox' %>

== Example on Rails Application

=== In your application.js

  $(document).ready(function() {
    jQuery("a.restbox").restbox({})
  }

=== In your view

  <%= link_to "edit", order_path(@order), :class => "restbox" %>
  

=== In your controller

  def edit
    @order = Order.find params[:id]
    respond_to do |format|
      format.html { }
      format.js   { }
    end
  end
  
=== The JS view for the action (edit.js.erb)

You can use the following javascript helpers

To put text in the restbox:
  <%= restbox(:content => 'some text') %>

To put a partial inside the restbox:
  <%= restbox(:content => render(:partial => 'form')) %>


== With javascript

To put content in the restbox
  $.restbox({content: "some text"})

To manually display loading restbox
  $.restbox({})
  
== Upgrading

=== Reinstall the plugin
 script/plugin install http://github.com/richardiux/restbox.git -f

=== Regenerate JS and CSS
 cd vendor/plugins/restbox/; ruby install.rb

== Bug Reports

If you have found a bug to report or a feature to request, please add it to the GitHub issue tracker if it is not there already.

http://github.com/richardiux/restbox/issues/

== Development

This project can be found on github at the following URL.

http://github.com/richardiux/restbox

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
   bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Richard Millan & Joseph Silvashy. See LICENSE for details.
